Add information on the generic `cis` profile (#156)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/security/hardening_guide.md

### Ensure etcd is configured properly

> The CIS Benchmark requires that the etcd data directory be owned by the `etcd` user and group. This implicitly requires the etcd process run as the host-level `etcd` user. To achieve this, RKE2 takes several steps when started with a valid `cis-1.XX`/`cis` profile:

Reviewer: Should we list `cis` first, since it's preferred?
```suggestion
The CIS Benchmark requires that the etcd data directory be owned by the `etcd` user and group. This implicitly requires the etcd process run as the host-level `etcd` user. To achieve this, RKE2 takes several steps when started with a valid `cis` or `cis-1.XX` profile:
```

Author: Yeah that makes sense

## RKE2 configuration

<Tabs groupId="rke2-version">
<TabItem value='v1.25 and Newer' default>

### Generic CIS configuration
:::info Version Gate
Available with October 2023 releases (v1.25.15+rke2r1, v1.26.10+rke2r1, v1.27.7+rke2r1, v1.28.3+rke2r1)
:::

```yaml
profile: "cis"
```

Using the generic `cis` profile will ensure that the cluster passes the CIS benchmark (rke2-cis-1.XX-profile-hardened) associated with the Kubernetes version that RKE2 is running. For example, RKE2 v1.28.XX with the `profile: cis` will pass the `rke2-cis-1.7-profile-hardened` in Rancher. 

> Additionally, it ensures that upgrades to RKE2 do not require a change to existing configuration. Whatever changes are necessary to pass the newer associated CIS benchmark with automatically be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of the generic `cis` profile ensures that upgrades to RKE2 do not require a change to existing configuration. Whatever changes are necessary to pass applicable CIS benchmark will be automatically applied.
```
